Decision 4 - return uninflected VA-keys for camelCase (#15629)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: docs/adr/0004-return-uninflected-va-keys.md

# 4. Return Uninflected VA Keys in vets-api

Date: 2020-10-30

Whom:
- Philip Becker

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> Using the Rails 6 zeitwerk file loader requires strict naming conventions of files.  So without a Rails inflection, `va_something` class files are expected to have the class name of `VaSomething`.  With an inflection, that file would be the expected `VASomething`.  Using this inflection has a downstream affect on json responses transformed into camelCase by the [olive_branch](https://github.com/vigetlabs/olive_branch) gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this inflection has a downstream affect on the named attributes in serializes and thus, json responses transformed into camelCase by the [olive_branch](https://github.com/vigetlabs/olive_branch) gem.
```

Reviewer 2: how can i not take this opportunity to include the word `thus`!?

## Decision

To create a deprecation path, there will be a patch implemented for the olive_branch middleware that returns an uninflected version of keys containing `VA`.

## Consequences

> - We will be returing additional keys in JSON responses using a `VA`-named key, so this will make payload sizes slightly larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will be returning additional keys in JSON responses using a `VA`-named key, so this will make payload sizes slightly larger, supporting both naming schemes (`VA`-named key and `Va`-named key)
```
